Updated README for Sandbox (#12289)
MinaProtocol/mina: README-sandbox.md

$ mina libp2p generate-keypair --privkey-path keys/node.key
```

> This command (which needs to be run from the mina repo) creates a key
> for the node operator. This is a key to use

Reviewer: This is imprecise. What matters is that user has certain environment variables set, which usually Nix sets up for us. In your case `direnv` boils it down to being in a particular directory, but for someone who is not using `direnv` it won't solve anything.

```suggestion
This command (which depends on environment variables set up by Nix)
creates a key for the node operator. This is a key to use
```
This way reader has better understanding of what's going on and even in the unlikely event of  not using Nix at all they'll be able to find a solution that suits their needs.

$ export MINA_ROSETTA_MAX_DB_POOL_SIZE=128
```

> Assuming `mina` CLI is in you path, run the following command 
> from the mina directory and ensure the config-directory is an absolute-path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming `mina` CLI is in you path, run the following command, 
making sure that required environment variables are properly set
(by Nix shell or otherwise):
```

The information about the absolute path I'd move below to where
`--config-directory` option is explained. The issue does not always
appear, so I'd append: "In case the daemon fails complaining about
write access to this directory, try providing an absolute path
rather than relative one", or something like that to the paragraph.
